### Auto update SSM agent

Once you're on the Managed Instances page, under The AWS Systems Manager console on AWS GUI. <br/> Click on the Agent auto update button at the top of the Managed instance selection area. This basically, sets up a persistent SSM State Manager association which periodically checks your managed instances for older versions of SSM agent and updates it. <br/> Once you click the button you'll be given a prompt with description of what the SSM service will do, go ahead and click on Auto update SSM agent.<br/> Now head to State Manager from the SSM features navigation pane on left hand side to track the progress of the association which will help update your SSM agent(s). After it completes successfully, you'll note that on the Managed Instances page your SSM agent version column will reflect the latest version your agent was updated to.

### Execute a Run Command Document

On your AWS Systems Manager console, head towards the Run Command page from the SSM features navigation pane to the left. <br/> 1. Click on Run Command button to the right top side of your screen, which will take you to the selection of Document to execute during Run Command. 2. Choose the Document AWS-ConfigureDocker(click on the radio button next to it), alternatively you can also click on the search bar which will give a drop down for narrowing search against specific OS, Document types etc. So if the AWS-ConfigureDocker document is not showing in the default shown documents, click on the search bar, select Platform types and select Linux which should provide this document in the top few search results. 3. Leave Document Version to default 4. Leave command parameters to default as well(these parameters are basically input to the Run Command) 5. Under Targets, select Choose instance manually. The SSMInstance should show up, select it. 6. Leave Other Parameters and Rate Control to default and uncheck Enable writing to an S3 bucket option under Outputs. 7. Leave everything else to default and click on Run.